Episode 28.
Genera Menetev
c
Miki was shouting and ranting…again.
“The Western way is not the right way for us,” Miki was saying, “They invest.
They make money.
Then they complain.
They send spies.
It’s now clear to me that all they want is for Ankhazastan to be in DEBT to them.
Their slaves!
“We will do it OUR way.
We will build our nation in the way that we want and with our money – it
may take longer, but we won’t be slaves to corrupt Western bankers.
“I’m going to unveil a new five-year plan.
We’re finally going to build the Ankhazastan we want to build.
There will be big changes, I warn you.
The key is Plan Zero.”
I glanced at the others and looked down at the table.
We all knew what Miki’s Plan Zero was… invade Armagnia, capture their
oilfields that had been “stealing our oil”, neutralise their tiny
army using nerve gas and use the oil money to develop Ankhazastan.
It would work except for one factor… Armagnia was   full of US troops who had recently arrived.
The US President had said in no uncertain terms that an attack
on Armagnia would be treated like an attack on the United States.
something Miki refused to accept.
It’s why I had a plan of my own… hidden right under this table.
If he mentions Plan Zero one more time…, I thought…
“More changes,” Miki continued.
“General Topov, you are no longer in charge of the Ministry of
Finance - you will be deputy, reporting to my friend George.
General Anitiv, you are no longer head of Foreign
Affairs and you will report to my friend Elizabeth.
With immediate effect.”
What madness was this?
Topov and Anitiv said nothing, the worms!
They just stared down at the table, but I could see the anger burning in their eyes.
“We’re going to be a superpower now,” Miki said, “and
other nations should take us seriously… but they don’t.
There’s only one way to make that happen… Plan Zero.
I'm going to launch an attack on Armagnia, and I'm going to do it tomorrow morning
There was only one way.
I felt under the table for the button that I had installed earlier, wired to five
kilos of plastic explosives placed under the table next to where Miki always sat.
That’s it, I thought.
I’m going to do it.
Hopefully, I’ll die in the explosion, too.
And I pressed the button.
There was a small flash and some smoke… but no explosion.
Miki was stunned, and then he scanned the table, looking for the traitor.
I felt sick to my stomach and avoided his gaze.
But then, five of the other generals suddenly stood up and produced weapons.
Topov shocked me by stepping forward and pointing his pistol directly at Miki’s head.
“You’re hereby under arrest,” he said.
“It’s over.”
Miki just stared in shock as another general produced a pair
of handcuffs, twisted his hands behind his back and cuffed him.
“Are you out of your tiny minds?” Miki spat.
“I’ll have you all executed for this.”
And I breathed a sigh of relief.
Miki had pushed us too far and I seemed like I wasn’t alone in being prepared to stop him.